Extract setting up local docker registry from main tutorial (#45)
kyma-project/registry-proxy: README.md

## Install

> [!TIP]

> > Registry Proxy module is a kyma community module and as such can be installed by following the steps described [here](https://kyma-project.io/#/community-modules/user/README).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Registry Proxy module is a Kyma community module and, as such, can be installed by following the steps described in the [Community Modules](https://kyma-project.io/#/community-modules/user/README) documentation.
```
